KCP docs (#225)
redhat-appstudio/service-provider-integration-operator: HOWTO.md

### To test SPI on KCP cluster

1. make sure you have kcp tooling installed locally and up to date
    - you can do it by cloning kcp repo and make install it -> `git clone https://github.com/kcp-dev/kcp && cd kcp && make install`
2. run cluster of your choice (e.g. minikube)
3. run `./hack/kcp-run.sh`

> 4. if should start after few seconds. Check that `.kcp` directory was created. You can find kcp log there `.kcp/kcp.log`. It should log something like `Discovering types for logical cluster "root:default:spi"` each 3 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. it should start after few seconds. Check that `.kcp` directory was created. You can find kcp log there `.kcp/kcp.log`. It should log something like `Discovering types for logical cluster "root:default:spi"` each 3 seconds
```

~/dev/spi-operator (☸  minikube) [svpi137-kcpdeploy ✘]✭ λ kc get ns
NAME                                                              STATUS   AGE
default                                                           Active   2m25s
kcp0c4e3060002e46d2572520970d87f7446ce32e63046aa7e6f9ece4cc       Active   24s
kcpffa30c795dff741162ca736a394d52fd56fd1cd59b9387475b65245a       Active   25s
kcpsync6a762f74c5145c4be7573426b5aa245cfad58b46f3e77de8168a36d0   Active   32s
kube-node-lease                                                   Active   2m27s
kube-public                                                       Active   2m27s
kube-system                                                       Active   2m27s
```

- syncer pod running on physical cluster

```
~/dev/spi-operator (☸  minikube) [svpi137-kcpdeploy ✘]✭ λ kc get pods -n kcpsync6a762f74c5145c4be7573426b5aa245cfad58b46f3e77de8168a36d0
NAME                          READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
kcp-syncer-65c7cdf9d5-4cb4x   1/1     Running   0          68s
```
- if you check kcp workloadcluster again `kubectl get workloadclusters spi-workload-cluster -o yaml` Run with kcp kubeconfig! status must be ready and heartbeat healthy

> 10. you can run kustomize with kcp overlay against kcp `kubectl apply -k config/kcp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. you can run kustomize with kcp overlay against kcp `make deploy_kcp`
```

> 10. you can run kustomize with kcp overlay against kcp `kubectl apply -k config/kcp`

Reviewer: you need to deploy vault somewhere first with `make deploy_vault_minikube` or `make vault_deploy_openshift`
